---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "Anthony is currently completing the third year of his B.A., Spec. Hons. Cognitive Science and minor in Information Technology. Anthony has a great passion for studying the brain, human behaviour and technology. Anthony's interests lie within many fields of discipline, but most recently it’s been the implementation of technology (or technological assistance/aid) into our daily life to help eliminate even the smallest of obstacles experienced by the average person, or the larger, more cumbersome hurdles, that affect so many.\_"
datePublished: '2016-03-24T21:33:13.360Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-24T21:32:25.321Z'
title: Who is Anthony Spezzano?
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-24-d2c4993a-e88c-4675-b773-0ba7f54d5247.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: d2c4993a-e88c-4675-b773-0ba7f54d5247/index.html
_type: Article

---
Anthony is currently completing the third year of his B.A., Spec. Hons. Cognitive Science and minor in Information Technology. Anthony has a great passion for studying the brain, human behaviour and technology. Anthony's interests lie within many fields of discipline, but most recently it's been the implementation of technology (or technological assistance/aid) into our daily life to help eliminate even the smallest of obstacles experienced by the average person, or the larger, more cumbersome hurdles, that affect so many. 

Anthony often spends his time researching and studying the potential and practical uses of many new and unprecedented Assistive Technologies that could aid those who have handicaps; technologies that could ease various ailments inhibiting daily functioning for individuals who have disabilities. What it really boils down to is that Anthony has this great interest in human and computer interaction and would like to join the effort in helping those who are faced with obstacles, attain a life with as little limitations as possible through the implementation of technological apparatus and mindful exploration. 

Anthony is increasingly interested in quenching this insatiable thirst he has for knowledge, all the while providing a kind of service to help those who wouldn't do so well without. Anthony believes that he's at the age where choosing where to really invest himself is of utmost importance and this is the first area of interest that he's taken to with such curiosity and intrigue. 

"Human beings are attracted to novelty: to probe the 'adjacent possible.'​ We didn't stay in the caves. We didn't stay on the planet, and soon we won't stay within the limitations of our biology. We move forward. We transcend our limits. We go to the moon, and we create the Internet." - Jason Silva